Improve policy documentation (#13409)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/http.rst

As you can see, with Cilium L7 security policies, we are able to permit
*tiefighter* to access only the required API resources on *deathstar*, thereby
implementing a "least privilege" security approach for communication between
microservices. Note that ``path`` matches the exact url, if for example you want

> to allow anything under /v1/, you'd need to use a regex expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to allow anything under /v1/, you need to use a regular expression:
```

Author: good point

    ]
    Revision: 11

It is also possible to monitor the HTTP requests live by using ``cilium monitor``:

::

    $ kubectl exec -it -n kube-system cilium-kzgdx -- cilium monitor -v --type l7
    <- Response http to 0 ([k8s:class=tiefighter k8s:io.cilium.k8s.policy.cluster=default k8s:io.cilium.k8s.policy.serviceaccount=default k8s:io.kubernetes.pod.namespace=default k8s:org=empire]) from 2756 ([k8s:io.cilium.k8s.policy.cluster=default k8s:class=deathstar k8s:org=empire k8s:io.kubernetes.pod.namespace=default k8s:io.cilium.k8s.policy.serviceaccount=default]), identity 8876->43854, verdict Forwarded POST http://deathstar.default.svc.cluster.local/v1/request-landing => 200
    <- Request http from 0 ([k8s:class=tiefighter k8s:io.cilium.k8s.policy.cluster=default k8s:io.cilium.k8s.policy.serviceaccount=default k8s:io.kubernetes.pod.namespace=default k8s:org=empire]) to 2756 ([k8s:io.cilium.k8s.policy.cluster=default k8s:class=deathstar k8s:org=empire k8s:io.kubernetes.pod.namespace=default k8s:io.cilium.k8s.policy.serviceaccount=default]), identity 8876->43854, verdict Denied PUT http://deathstar.default.svc.cluster.local/v1/request-landing => 403

> You can observe how, as expected, the first POST request succeeded while the second PUT request was denied

Reviewer 2: nit, grammar:

```suggestion
You can observe how, as expected, the first POST request succeeded while the second PUT request was denied.
```

Though to be more precise, the monitor output shows only a successful POST *response* followed by a PUT request that is denied. 

I won't enforce this since the guide is already written this way, but in general I would prefer to use neutral, factual language rather than language like "You can observe". An example would be something like "The above output demonstrates a successful response to a POST request followed by a PUT request that is denied by the L7 policy". This is a more direct description of the output rather than telling the user what they may be able to observe (assuming they understand what they're looking at).

Author: Thanks for the feedback. I also prefer your way of describing it. Let me change that and the grammar nit
